{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green21\blue24;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9804\c10980\c12157;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li4\fi-6\sa480\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Randy Pausch\'92s Last Lecture: 
\f1\i Achieving Your Childhood Dreams
\f0\i0 , is a very moving and inspiring piece of work. I don\'92t think anyone can watch it and not feel like they can shoot for the moon. He does a phenomenal job of breaking down the steps in the process and uses his own path as examples of support. 
\f2 \cf3 \

\f0 \cf2 I believe his idea of teaching others to follow their childhood dream is brilliant. When you are following a dream, you learn while doing what you enjoy. Use your enjoyment of something to learn. It is easier to stay-the-course and see failures as milestones when you are on this path. 
\f2 \cf3 \

\f0 \cf2 The Alice Project is a great example of indirect learning or a \'91head-fake\'92, as Randy calls it. This is a wonderful tool designed to teach kids coding through play. Learning through play is the head-fake for all kinds of learning, sports, and academics. Now that it is being used in coding, I think we are going to see a huge growth in coding as a direct result of programs like the Alice Project.
\f2 \cf3 \

\f0 \cf2 Paul talked about \'93dreams come to you\'94 when he mentioned Caption Kirk seeking him out to see his VR. I have always thought this idea is life truism. If you are doing you, then the people and life will line up. It is the best way to encounter opportunities in careers, meet influential people or life partners and find success for yourself. 
\f2 \cf3 \

\f0 \cf2 Other things Paul talked about that were life truisms, \'93brick walls are to test how bad we want something,\'94 It separates those who are not willing to put in the work from those who are. It is an easy and natural part of any path. Participation trophies don\'92t help anyone. Hard work and determination are what matters.
\f2 \cf3 \

\f0 \cf2 I also liked the part of the lecture that talked about his ETC class. I believe the whole conversation boiled down to- when there are no instructions to follow there are no boundaries on what is possible. This was a discovery he was able to observe not one that he was aware of going into it. He stumbled upon it and had amazing results from his students and the community. 
\f2 \cf3 \

\f0 \cf2 In the end, it was a heart-warming piece to leave to his sons and the end points are keep a positive attitude, stay on your path, expect obstacles as part of the path and don\'92t let your learning/creativity be restricted by boundaries.}